---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hobbyist turned developer, I love the idea of Open Source. I'd even go so
far as to say it's probably the most important idea humanity has ever had.

### More Information

Online I go by the pseudonym iLoveTux, although my real name is Cliff. I
started programming in the '97 with QBasic (that's what was taught in my
high school's intro to computer programming class) and moved on to Pascal,
but I stuck with QBasic for my hobbyist adventures (I credit this to an
online publication called "The QuickBasic Fanzine" which kept my interest).
Around this time I got very interested in the move to object oriented
programming, and started in on C++ (and subsequently C), but life got in
the way of pursuing my career as a software developer.

In 2003, I was arrested for three counts of armed robbery and spent 5+
years in prison. I was then released on parole in 2008 and pursued any
employment I could find. I worked at McDonald's for about 4 years (I made
it to manager after 6 months which is about the time I met my loving wife),
then I learned how to make hand tossed New York style pizza, which earned
me more money than McDonald's. This is about the time that I had my first
child, a boy, and I soon became manager of the pizza shop. I then got a job
offer, my uncle who I would talk to on the phone about random computer
stuff (I never lost my interest in computer programming) had an opening for
a developer and wanted me to learn Python, so I hopped on codeacademy and
started to learn. A few months later (I still had to work), I was ready to
move on and start this new job. It is around this time that I had my second
son.

Well, my new job was to develop a tool to help manage multiple IBM
DataPower appliances. After three rewrites, I have a pretty cool
architecture, although right now there is a big cleanup effort going on
because I just learned about what are probably the two best, and
underutilized tools for working on large applications in Python, setuptools
entry_points (for a ready-made plug-in  system), and (while not strictly a
Python tool) git submodules. Also, I have incorporated the
Anaconda/MiniConda Python Distributions to serve the same purpose as the
(new in Python 3.5) embedded distribution of Python. So three new things
added to our product caused a major need for some major cleanup, but it's
going well especially for a product that has taught me (through trial and
error) so much about real-world programming.

Also, recently I became enamored with the (new to me) concept of Test
Driven Development (remember I had dropped out of the scene from
2003-2013). To start with this concept I created a project called
data.store which acts as a primitive database whose syntax is inspired by
MongoDB. You can check this out at https://github.com/ilovetux/datastore or
just "pip install data.store"

Anyway, that's the abridged version. With an eye to the future I'm
pursuing a udacity nano-degree in full stack development and otherwise
trying to keep busy. I have also just added my third child, a daughter, to
our family. I hope everyone on this list is having as much fun in life as I
am!

If anyone needs any help our just want to talk shop, you can email me at
me@ilovetux.com, and if you want to check out my (not quite abandoned) blog
you can find it at [here](https://ilovetux.github.io).

### Contact me

[me@ilovetux.com](mailto:me@ilovetux.com)

### Other places

[github](https://github.com/iLoveTux)

[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cliffbressette)

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/2723675/ilovetux">
<img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/2723675.png" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for iLoveTux at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers" title="profile for iLoveTux at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers">
</a>
